Looker Studio 
Guides
Was this helpful?

Send feedbackData types 

bookmark_border
A field's data type specifies the kind of values the field can contain and determines how that field's data appears in your reports, as well as which operations are allowed for the field and which are not allowed. For example, you can't apply an arithmetic function to a Text type field, or use a Number type field as the date range dimension in a report.

The following table shows the supported field types, along with the kind of data expected as input, and examples of how that data might look in your reports.

Type	Expected data	Report examples
Number	A floating point number.	1,234.56
Percent	A floating point number representing a ratio.	61.73%
Duration	An integer representing a length of time in seconds. This will be formatted into a standard time display (with hours, minutes, and seconds) in reports.	01:43:19
Currency	
A floating point number representing a monetary value. This will be formatted to include the appropriate currency symbol in reports.

Changing the currency type doesn't convert to the new type or change the decimal and comma placement. It simply applies the specified currency symbol to the metric value. To change the decimal and comma placement, format the field with a default or custom value. For example, to apply a lakhs and crores format, use a custom formatting string such as the following: ##,##,##,##0.00;
$1,234.56

173.9 €

¥30,093

Text	Zero or more letters, numbers, characters, or symbols.	
A1B2C3

Date & Time	
An actual calendar date, a calendar date with time, or an abstract date or time index. This will be formatted according to the locale.

Learn more about dates and times in Looker Studio.

2020-09-21

2020-09-21 12:35 PM

Q4 2020

Week 1

Boolean	
A logical value.

If the dataset doesn't provide Boolean values, you can create a Boolean data type field by using a calculated field with a CASE statement:

CASE WHEN... THEN TRUE ELSE FALSE END

Learn more about CASE statements .

true

false

Geo	
A value representing a geographic region, such as a country name, latitude and longitude, ISO code, or Google Ads criteria ID.

Learn more about visualizing geographic data .

United Kingdom

51.5074,-0.1278

1006886

URL	
An address of a web page.

https://lookerstudio.google.com/
Hyperlink	A clickable link to a URL. Hyperlink fields are created by the HYPERLINK function.	See an example of Hyperlink fields
Image	An image. Image fields are created by the IMAGE function.	A Tyrannosaur stands in a primeval forest holding a computer tablet displaying data visualizations.
Image Link	A clickable image. Image Link fields are created by the HYPERLINK function.	See an example of Image Link fields
To change a field's data type, use the Type drop-down menu in the data source edit page. If the field editing in reports option is enabled for the data source, you can also change a field's data type directly in reports based on this data source.

If the field editing in reports option is enabled for the data source, you can also apply custom value formatting to Number and Date & Time type fields, without sending additional SQL queries to the database.